Xavier. will you ever
be able to forgive me
for what happened?
I got the gig for another four years
until I get to retire somewhere beautiful.
Unless. of course.
somebody shoots me first.
Wildcat
is down. It's a code red.
Someone had to know a lot. Someone
had to have a lot of access.
I was wondering where
you were. Agent Robinson.
Oh. I'm right here.
Agent Collins.
The First Lady who will take the kid and
leave me the second I'm out of office.
I know. you're
not wrong. Xavier.
What's in here will
definitely kill me.
Agent Collins.
you're about to be entrusted
with top-secret information.
It's a fancy way of saying that's
the most important box in the world.
We are preparing
for a massive catastrophe
that could cause an
extinction-level event for humanity
in the very real future.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hi. everyone. Thank you
for joining me here.
Thank you for signing
the various NDAs.
I know it's all been a
bit cloak and dagger.
and for that. I apologize.
Also for the shitty coffee.
I know some of you have traveled
in from all over the country.
and I know you've been asked
not to exchange pleasantries
or introductions.
I know it's weird.
The people in this room are some
of the country's preeminent minds
in multiple fields.
If you're in this room. it's
because you're extremely special.
And you're about to be entrusted
with something massive.
If you'll follow me.
My husband's a terrible flyer.
I met him at a bar
almost 10 years ago.
Totally random. Love at
first sight type of thing.
If I had known he was
such a wimp in the air.
I might not have
given him a chance.
If it makes you feel any better.
this plane cost me $250 million.
I didn't spend 250 mil on
a plane so it could crash.
And nobody ever does.
So. you're the guy
who builds cities?
I'm the founder of an architecture
and urban planning firm.
expressing a new
architectural language
focused on the needs of
self-sustaining communities.
- Can I toss a hypothetical at you?
- It's your plane.
If I gave you
unlimited resources.
resources gathered
by a few friends
and business acquaintances.
in my situation.
If I told you to design
me an underground city.
something that could
safely weather anything
from a nuclear blast to
environmental catastrophe.
if I told you I wanted
you to make it feel
like Anywhere. USA. a
city for 25.000 people
that felt like any city
up here. a city with cars.
and cell phones. and
trees. what would you say?
Well. first. I'd. uh. laugh.
- Okay. and then?
- Well. then I'd... I'd laugh again.
Then. I'd... I'd tell
you it's impossible.
You know. I
mean. 25.000 people...
I mean. you-you- you'd
have to have a space
the size of. like. uh. Toledo.
So. there's no amount of money
that would allow you to
excavate a space so large
that an underground space
would actually feel like...
well. like Toledo.
It's not possible.
Of course.
This is what I've been told.
If you have to tinkle.
now's the time.
We'll be landing shortly.
Build me my city.
I know.
me again.
It didn't work at the
grocery store again.
I get it. We
can take care of that.
♪ Don't get in debt ♪
Hi. You have champagne
by the glass?
I've got white wine. I can
give you a straw if you want.
- You can blow bubbles in it.
- No. thank you.
- White wine is fine.
- Ah.
No straw. Thank you.
Celebrating?
Something like that.
Mysterious. That's cool.
Thank you.
- Yeah. Thanks.
- Okay.
I just sold my startup.
Oh yeah? Congrats.
- You're not impressed?
- We're in San Francisco.
Half this bar probably
just sold their startups.
It's a cloud storage
startup. Demesne?
- Oh.
- You've probably read about it.
Nah. I'm more of an analog guy.
But good for you.
Sounds like a big deal.
Yeah. well. if the...
stock moves the way
I think it will.
next year. this time.
I'll be worth...
$14 billion.
I just became the richest
self-made woman in the world.
Sorry. I don't know
why I told you that.
I think I just kind of needed
to say it out... out loud.
No. I get it.
Yeah. I...
Actually. I'm celebrating too.
- You are?
- Yeah.
My softball team won the
championship tonight.
Whoa!
It's fast-pitch softball.
Well. I'm actually gonna be
worth 34 billion. not 14 billion.
I don't know why I lied.
It was slow-pitch softball.
I lied because I was hoping
you'd wanna have sex with me.
- Oh!
- What was your excuse?
You are gonna completely fuck
up my life plan. aren't you?
♪ Jesus Christ ♪
I guess it depends on
what your life plan is.
♪ What you been
doing all this time ♪
I'm here.
I'm here. babe.
Can you hear me?
Are you still there. Xavier?
I'm here. I'm here.
Hey. batter. batter. batter.
batter. batter. batter.
Swing. batter. batter.
You see what I'm doing there?
This is pancake batter.
It's very funny. It
plays on a lot of levels.
- Robinson loves it.
- Agent Pace. enough.
She's playing it cool right now.
but I'm telling you.
she thinks I'm a hoot.
Alright. watch this. Here we go.
And a fastball right
across the middle. and...
- Hey!
- Whoo!
And the crowd goes wild
as the batter touches the plate.
Agent Collins. I'm gonna
need you to come with me.
Go on.
I came to help the
kids get to school.
and I had Pres pack the lunches
so they'll have
nutrients. or whatever.
Nothing to worry about.
gang. Everything's fine.
Uh. go get your backpacks
ready for school. please.
Nobody
knows what happened yet.
And the people who do. they're
in an absolute fucking frenzy.
So...
do you have a suspect?
Have you found
the murder weapon?
Did you collect any
samples for DNA?
Agent Robinson. do you
have any matches on DNA?
Jesus. Collins. No.
No prime suspects.
Dad and the ex-wife alibied out.
No weapon.
Brooks and Rainey are
digging through the trash
and they're pissy about it.
Autopsy's tomorrow.
And yes. of course.
we ran the DNA.
Unfortunately. our resources
down here are limited.
considering that the DNA tech
basically exists to make sure
people don't start marrying
their cousins in 100 years.
You got something
to say? Say it.
I just don't understand
why of all the people
that could be heading this
up. they chose the one person
who was sleeping
with the victim.
I'm clean. Xavier.
The camera feed was down from
10:42 until 12:13 that night
while your boy was
asleep on the couch.
And from 10:42 until
12:13 that night.
I was at the tavern having
drinks with some friends.
The other reason. and this
could just be me spit-balling.
is that I actually
cared about the victim
and I'm not gonna rest
until I find some answers.
You're too close to this.
Or maybe I didn't
secretly hate the victim
and then shut down the crime
scene for a full 30 minutes
before calling in the first
ever murder down here.
The murder of our president.
His tablet is missing.
Very important people
are very upset.
You better get
your game face on.
They've got questions.
We're gonna need your weapon.
It's a glorified Nerf
gun. not a weapon.
But sure. Go nuts.
If you got nothing to hide.
then it shouldn't be a problem.
Take a seat.
Arms up.
Should we
be worried about our safety?
Now.
let's not overreact here.
- Overreact?
- Come on. Henry.
The president
had a full security detail
and he was murdered
- in the residence.
- No. he wasn't.
Cal Bradford died of natural
causes. likely a heart attack.
If you seriously think you're
gonna be able to contain this...
Henry. we
need some solutions here.
So. should I make
lasagna or should we order in?
You're in the middle of the merger.
hon. You got the board up your ass.
Let's just order in
and make life easier.
Oh. fair point. That said...
Lasagna!
I mean. the people have spoken.
- Hey. Dylan. not too far ahead. please.
- Mom. come on.
Can we do the ice cream thing?
Um... Daddy. can we?
I'll get the rest of the
stuff. I'll meet you outside.
Mm.
You're very sexy when
you do what I want.
I know.
Mm-hmm.
You see it?
I see it.
Is it a sandwich.
a cone. or a cup?
Sandwich.
- Rectangular or circular?
- Rectangle.
Okay. I'll see what I can do.
- Horse?
- Horse.
We're gonna have dessert. and you
can have broccoli or a rice cake.
What's this?
Oh.
- Or I'll just eat it.
- Okay.
Make it fast.
- Want a bite?
- Mm-hmm.
- No.
- Fine. I'll eat it.
Okay. good.
I'll call you later.
Board approved the merger.
It's going through.
- Wow. you hear this?
- Oh.
Well. that was a lot of
worrying about nothing.
- No.
- Yeah. I'll eat the whole thing.
Dylan?
Dylan. Hey.
Dylan!
Enough!
In 10 minutes. the
community will get an alert
for an emergency town hall.
They will gather here. and we
will share the shocking news
that the president has passed of
natural causes quietly in his bed.
We will then immediately swear in
Henry. which will settle everyone.
because it will remind our community that
we have a functional system in place.
As for the rest of you. your
security will be increased
until we find some answers.
So. if you gentlemen will
just pour yourselves a drink
or tug on your dicks.
or do whatever it is you need to do
to calm yourselves the fuck down.
so that we can present
a united front...
well. that would be super.
- Dr. Torabi. will you come with me?
- Yes.
Arm straight
for me. Fingers flat.
He's set.
For the record.
your name is Xavier Collins.
Correct?
Last I checked.
Yes or no. please.
Yes.
You have two children.
James and Presley. correct?
Yes.
Your wife was Dr. Teri Collins.
She is deceased. correct?
Dr. Teri Rogers-Collins.
She hyphenated.
Answer the question. please.
Yes. Dr. Teri
Rogers-Collins was my wife.
Yes. she is deceased.
When was the last time you
saw Cal Bradford alive?
As I stated yesterday. I walked
the president to his room
where he turned in at 22:04.
And when did
you discover the body?
I knocked on his door at 08:01.
That's when I found him
lying next to his bed.
How long were you in there?
I don't know.
You don't know?
I don't know how long I
looked at him like that.
I just knew that he was gone.
I just knew that I'd lost him.
Did you take
anything from the scene?
No.
Then. why the delay?
Why did you call Agent Pace?
Agent Pace was the only
person I felt I could trust.
- Are you covering for Agent Pace?
- No.
I didn't feel comfortable
going through normal channels.
because my boss was
sleeping with the president.
and he was laying in
there on the floor dead.
You all know she was
sleeping with him. right?
Wasn't a big secret. but still. it
feels like an important bit of context.
You were the last person
to see the president alive.
Nobody entered that room from the
time that you shut the door...
Just ask the fucking question.
Did you kill him?
No.
I did not murder Cal Bradford.
- Take me through the steps.
- May I?
What happened
in that time? In that room?
The president is normally
up and about before 8:00 a.m..
but he wasn't on
this particular day.
I knocked on his door three
times before I entered.
I saw his body on the
ground covered in blood.
I checked his pulse.
There was nothing.
I was concerned that there
could have been some theft...
Thank
you. Agent Robinson.
- I was...
- Thank you.
Xavier. Hi.
My name is Gabriela
Torabi. Do you remember me?
You were the
president's therapist.
I was yours. too.
Once.
That's right. yes.
Uh. we did one session
together. early on.
I have just one other
question for you. if I may.
It's. um...
It's a little less formal.
so if you can. try
to answer honestly.
Is a part of you happy
that Cal is dead?
Yes.
As I've told you about 19
times. I'm not an interrogator.
But you saw his vitals
remained stable throughout.
What do you think?
I think he's telling the truth.
Why?
Well. if he's such a
well-practiced liar.
then why would he admit to
hating the man that was murdered?
It doesn't track.
Mr. and Mrs. Redmond.
thank you for seeing me.
We've been treating Dylan
for over a year and a half.
He has gotten better care than
frankly any patient I've ever seen.
Best doctors in the world.
cutting-edge treatments.
Unfortunately. I think it's time
for an impossible conversation.
- What? Oh...
- No.
- Oh my...
The specialist in
Japan was optimistic.
which I've been telling you all
is something that we could
use a lot more of around here.
And he was gonna look at
the latest scans and...
He did.
I will find someone else.
I will find someone better.
I've. uh. asked
someone to join us.
Hello.
This is Dr. Gabriela Torabi.
She's a world-class therapist
and grief specialist.
She has done incredible work helping
many people in your situation.
No.
- Come here.
- No.
No. just...
- Mrs. Redmond.
- Excuse me.
- Arms up.
- You better be right.
You brought me here
because I'm always right.
I brought you here because
I admire your pantsuits.
Well. shit. Samantha.
That might be the nicest
thing you've ever said to me.
Agent Collins. come with me.
I appreciate you going
through all that.
Obviously. we're
all on edge here.
Do you know what I do here?
Yes. ma'am.
I know that everyone seems
to take direction from you.
I know that the president seemed
Do you know why my
detail calls me Sinatra?
You can speak freely.
Agent Collins.
I always assumed it was
because of the hats.
- Cute.
- Thank you.
I became an absolute walking encyclopedia
on all things Agent Collins last night.
Only child. Grandfather.
a Tuskegee Airman.
Your father was one of the first
Black commercial airline pilots.
That's quite a legacy.
They must have been
so proud of you...
the man who took a
bullet for the president.
Last few days must have
been especially hard on you.
Agent Robinson will
continue the investigation.
but to preserve his memory.
we'll be telling everyone
that President Bradford
died of natural causes.
We think it's what's
best for the community.
Why did your wife
use a hyphenate?
Her father died when
she was very young.
She couldn't bear the thought
of his name dying with him.
Well. that makes sense.
Do you have the tablet?
No. No. I do not.
You'll remain on leave
for the next two weeks.
and then we'll reassign you.
Ma'am. I think I'd
be better utilized...
And I do not. And
I'm more important.
Robinson tells me
you have children.
Yes. I do. A boy and a girl.
God. that must be tough
without their mom.
I had two children.
Thank you for seeing me.
It's been a while.
How are you?
I'm
not great. honestly.
Everyone said time would help.
But it isn't.
It's been six months. So...
It's not helping.
Time is actually
making it worse.
because it's taking
me further away...
from when he was here.
You were kind to me then.
You helped me.
And I need your help.
Right now.
Of course. Yes. Yes.
Um. but healing is a
long. slow process.
Yeah. I have no desire to be...
...healed.
I-I'm... I'm broken forever.
My marriage is broken forever.
But I have a business.
a giant business.
where there are tens of thousands
of people who rely on me.
And I have a daughter.
I still
have my daughter.
And if she so much as sneezes.
then my... my heart stops.
And I need to be
functional for her.
I don't need to be healed.
I just need to be functional enough
that I can think about something
other than throwing
myself off a fucking roof!
I'll pay you.
I... you will be richer
than your wildest dreams.
You won't need a
single other client.
- Oh...
- So. I'll just...
She's all I have. so
I need you to help me.
- Samantha...
- Please help me.
I need you to help me.
Will you help me?
I had two children and
I lost one of them.
Trust me. Agent Collins. that
is something you never get over.
Take the leave of
absence. Leave this alone.
Mic check
in five minutes. everybody.
There's gonna be a mic
check in five minutes.
My God. First Boy looks
extra pathetic today.
Did his sad eyelashes get even longer?
- Lisa.
- I mean it in a good way.
It. like. enhances
his whole look.
Everyone. I don't know what this is.
but let's all head over together.
We're going this
way. folks. Come on.
Hi. did a guy come through
here. around my age?
Stupid haircut?
Everyone your age
has stupid haircuts.
but if you're referring
to Jeremy Bradford.
he's in the media rotunda.
Cool. thanks.
Why aren't you at
the town hall thing?
Why aren't you?
Hello. Xavier.
Madam First Lady. How
are you holding up?
Honestly. I have no fucking
clue. Xavier.
I've been pretending
for so long.
pretending to be part of
this all-American family
while living in separate houses.
pretending to be a loving wife
until the moment his term ended.
It wasn't all pretend.
I know.
- He worshipped you.
- Oh. geez.
He did.
Do you remember that time when you
joined Saturday morning basketball
- at the White House?
- I do.
Cal was so excited to
have you on his team.
because he... he just
assumed that you'd be good.
Cal was...
Racist.
He loved an outdated stereotype.
- We'll leave it at that.
- Okay.
He was surprised. of course.
to find out that you were...
you were just an average player.
You know. he came running into
the bedroom dripping with sweat.
hair plastered against his
forehead like a six-year-old boy.
- "I'm better than him. babe."
- He was not better than me.
Well. I wasn't there.
Okay.
But he couldn't get over
how hard you played.
How you never stopped.
"The man is
relentless." he said.
They're about to tell everybody
that Cal died of natural causes.
I know.
They wouldn't let
me look at the body.
I saw the body.
He loved you.
The man who was everything
he felt he wasn't.
The relentless man...
who never stopped.
Mommy?
Where are you going. Mommy?
I have a work trip. remember?
But I don't want
you to leave forever.
Hey.
Listen.
I'll always come back. okay?
I'll always come back
to take care of you.
Go see him.
Hey. kiddo.
Pst. pst.
Welcome. ladies and gentlemen.
to this year's conference.
We have some scintillating
conversations lined up for you.
covering global security.
cyber engineering.
climate change. and much more.
We are here to begin
what we hope will become.
not just conversations or projects.
but the future of our world.
Within a year. 20%
of all livestock
will perish from
fluorosis poisoning.
Well. I guess I'll go ahead
and start wrapping up.
since this talk has proven
to be the one to miss.
Ironic. because it's the
only one that matters.
Listen. I know this all
sounds pretty far-fetched.
but you know when it
won't seem far-fetched?
In less than a decade. when a tsunami
plunges the entire Eastern Seaboard
of the United States underwater.
Well. I'm done.
Try not to get
trampled on the way out
unless you prefer
that to being drowned.
Hey. wait. Sam.
Well. that guy was a barrel
of laughs. wasn't he?
Yeah.
How you been?
I'm fine. Thanks. senator.
Yeah?
It's been just over a year.
right? Since you lost your son?
One year. that's...
That's hard.
That must feel like
no time at all to you.
I can't imagine.
God. he was such a cute kid.
I remember him running
around a little sandbox.
He just... with big old handfuls of sand
and just dump it on his head.
I'm sorry. Sam. I didn't...
No. don't be.
No one's...
No one's talked to me about Dylan
for a very long time. that directly.
Thanks. Cal.
I think I finally see
why people like you.
It's mainly the hair.
Mm-hmm.
You. however. you got
the real stuff. Sam.
You got the stuff that makes people sit
up straight when you walk in a room.
My old man. I hear it
from him all the time.
- How is your dad?
- Still just a light touch of dementia.
- Mm.
- But he's still him.
Still crushing me
with blows like.
"You think you're Dean Martin
walking around with your cock out.
"You ain't Dean. You're a
joke. You're Peter Lawford.
You're only in the band 'cause
of who you're related to."
- Jesus.
- Yeah. Yeah.
That's Christmas
morning. mind you.
My loving daddy.
Yeah.
He says...
he says you're
Sinatra. by the way.
The clear leader. The one.
I don't know about that.
Mm.
No. I have this thing...
this disorder where
I pick at my hair.
I'm getting a bald spot.
Sometimes I have to wear hats.
I'm no Sinatra.
I miss my kid.
- I know.
- Hey!
- If that stuff happens...
- It's going to happen.
And it's going to happen
in the next decade.
So. what do we do?
I have a daughter.
What do we do?
You dig the biggest hole
you can. and you get in.
Jesus. somebody ought to get that
guy a slot at the Laugh Factory.
You going to the next talk?
No. I'm done talking.
Thanks for asking about Dylan.
Hey. wait up.
Samantha. a couple of
thoughts on the speech.
- Here. it...
- Just read it. Henry.
We didn't pick you
to have thoughts.
My fellow Americans. I'm
afraid I have terrible news.
President Cal Bradford passed
away early yesterday morning.
You okay?
My dad is dead.
They. uh... they took everyone
to the arena to tell them.
I asked that everyone
learn this awful news together
so that we could be comforted by
our friends and our community.
Those who've helped us grieve and
heal over the past three years.
I ghosted him yesterday.
And that means that. that
our fight last week was...
It was the last time
I ever talked to him.
I told him that he was the
reason so many people are gone.
I told him that I
wished he was dead.
It's the last thing I
ever said to my dad.
In a few moments. I will
take the oath of office
and become our next president.
But first. I'd like to
say a few words about Cal.
He. um... he loved this shitty
'80s and '90s rock music.
And when I was younger. he
would dance around with me
and scream it at the top
of his lungs. and. uh...
And then I grew up.
and just told him
how lame I thought his music
was every chance I got.
Now. here I am. listening to
the music that my dad loved.
The music I told him I hated.
Cal was the kind of guy
who would go up to a complete
stranger in a parking lot
and say something
tender to them.
something they really needed.
just because he could
sense they were in pain.
My dad's into planes.
He... he got his pilot's
license and everything.
He used to talk about
planes all the time.
And each time. I'd tell him
what a massive dork he was.
He would tell
us that we must...
He never talks
about them anymore.
Oh. what I'd give to listen to
him ramble on about planes again.
What were you. uh. listening to
of your dad's lame
'80s and '90s rock?
Um...
Do. uh...
- you know this one?
- Mm-mm.
Play it for me?
I take no responsibility for
what you're about to hear.
♪ We built this city
on rock and roll ♪
- ♪ Built this city ♪
- And I will...
♪ We built this city
on rock and roll ♪
And?
Maybe it's not so bad
that the world ended.
Yeah. the
bastards were asking for it.
Do. uh... do you wanna
see something cool?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Okay. Come on.
- Go have a drink.
- Yeah. We will.
You good?
Can you think of any important
six-digit codes down here?
Password? Symbol?
No. Why?
I spent 15 years as an
agent in the real world.
The main question
I'd always get.
"Is it hard always
watching everything.
always listening.
never talking?"
- Hmm.
- And I'd always answer.
"That's my job."
I was real good
at my job. Billy.
And I've been watching her.
Sinatra.
I've been listening to her.
And something's not
right with that woman.
I can feel it in my gut.
Our guy is gone. and she's smack
in the middle of the whole thing.
She's pretty much the most
powerful person down here.
Yeah.
And I'm gonna take her down.
How?
Very fuckin' carefully.
Hey. Mom.
Everything okay?
You hanging in?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Don't stay up too late.
No one's really
allowed down here.
Holy shit.
♪ Say you don't know me ♪
- ♪ Or recognize my face ♪
- Watch out for this right here.
♪ Say you don't care who
goes to that kind of place ♪
♪ Knee deep in the hoopla ♪
♪ Sinking in your fight ♪
- ♪ Too many runaways ♪
- Mom?
Yes. my love. Yes.
I'm right here.
Am I going to heaven?
♪ Listen to the radio.
don't you remember ♪
It's okay.
You can tell me. I
want you to tell me.
♪ We built this city
on rock and roll ♪
- ♪ Someone's always playing ♪
- I think you are.
Yes.
What do you
think it's like?
♪ They're always changing
corporation names ♪
♪ We just wanna dance here.
someone stole the stage ♪
♪ They call us irresponsible.
write us off the page ♪
♪ Marconi plays the mamba.
listen to the radio ♪
♪ Don't you remember ♪
Do. uh... do you
remember this place?
- ♪ We built this city ♪
- Yep.
- Where are we?
- Dad. is Mom coming?
- Dad. is she gonna make it?
- I want Mom!
- ♪ We built this city on rock and roll ♪
- Come on.
♪ We built this city ♪
♪ We built this city
on rock and roll ♪
♪ Built this city ♪
♪ We built this city
on rock and roll ♪
- ♪ Built this city ♪
- The thing about heaven is...
it's anything you want it to be.
♪ Built this city ♪
So. you tell me.
What do you want it to be like?
I want it to be just like here.
but with more horse rides.
♪ We built this city
on rock and roll ♪
- ♪ Built this city ♪
- Well. then...
Well. then that's
what it will be like.
♪ On rock and roll ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm